Release notes for uPortal 2.5.2 GA
(the general audience ("final") release of uPortal 2.5.2):

CVS branch: 2-5-patches


Known issues

There are many known bugs in uPortal.  Almost 40 bugs are identified as fixed
for 2.5.2.  However, at least 20 bugs are known to affect 2.5.2 GA.

You can query the JA-SIG issue tracking system for the latest information about
known issues.  The uPortal 2.5.2 wiki page summarizes:

http://www.ja-sig.org/wiki/display/UPC/2.5.2

The most serious known issues at this writing include lack of access control
on the ALM Fragment Manager, bugs in supporting JSR-168 portlets for
guest user (non logged in), bugs in publishing fragments to particular users,
caching problems, lost opportunities to chain some exceptions, Aggregated Layouts
committing broken transactions, DLM layout resetting not behaving as expected,
Group manager servant failing to complete when no selections are made, lack of
error checking in ALM fragment pushing, problems with named LDAP support in
Persondirs.xml...


Upgrading:

Upgrading from 2.5.1 to 2.5.2 should be seamless.
uPortal deployments using CAS may wish to switch to the uPortal CAS adaptor
included in the uPortal source tree.


Major new features and improvements in this release:

Multiple threads can now concurrently instantiate channels, making deployments more
able to take advantage of performance advantages of IChannels.  

The uPortal CAS security provider module is now a part of the uPortal project itself,
making it easier to set up uPortal to use CAS for authentication.



Bug fixes in this release:

Login and LogoutServlet now cope with IllegalStateException from multiply
invalidated sessions.  Prior to this fix these servlets would not work in 
Tomcat 5.5.10 and later.

CPortletAdapter no longer needlessly groups portlet rendering, improving portlet
rendering performance, potentially eliminating a deadlock opportunity, and simplifying
the channel.

Some ALM fragment publishing bugs now have less severe consequences, and ALM has
other fixes and improvements.

ChannelRenderer now handles CancellationException, restoring support for custom
error UIs.

RemoteUserPersonManager has an important fix.

Portlets no longer fail to initialize due to phantom null sessions.

RSS.cpd is no longer ill-formed.

uPortal now recovers more gracefully from channels throwing exceptions on
construction.

And a number of other fixes...




Important deprecations:

IMultithreaded channel APIs of all flavors are now deprecated.  It is more performant,
cleaner, simpler, and preferred to write IChannels or to write JSR-168 portlets
in place of writing IMultithreaded channels.


Database schema changes

There are no database schema changes between 2.5.1 and 2.5.2.



Discussing this release and reporting issues:

Please discuss 2.5.2 on the uPortal project discussion lists.  
Please post issues discovered into JIRA.

(Almost) all changes applied to 2-5-patches working towards 2.5.2 should be reflected in JIRA issues.

The uPortal project discussion lists are also the place to discuss work going forward on the 2-5-patches
branch towards 2.5.3 and beyond.

Release engineer's environment:

This release was tested and tagged on a Dell WinXP pro laptop using JDK 1.5, Eclipse 3.1, and Tomcat 5.5.12.
The release deliverable was built on the tp.its.yale.edu Linux server using the shell script in /etc/
that checks out a tag and builds a release from it.
